bpo-39654: pyclbr: remove old references to class browser & add expla… (#18528)
python/cpython: Doc/library/pyclbr.rst

:mod:`pyclbr` --- Python module browser support

> ==============================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
===============================================
```

   *path* is a sequence of directory paths prepended to ``sys.path``,
   which is used to locate the module source code.

>   This function is a filtered version kept for back compatibility which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This function is a filtered version kept for the backwards compatibility which
```

Reviewer 2: 'the' is wrong.  'back' is as good as 'backwards'.  I rewrote these two lines.
